Chapter x+1 of x

Have you ever had a tap that no matter how tight you turn the knob it still keeps dripping?
Even if you call a plumber to fix it, overtime the fitting loosens and it'll continue to drip until it's just left to do so until the water stops flowing.
Despite anyone's efforts to halt it, water at a higher pressure or elevation continues to seek out the lowest state possible.
It truly is a remarkable substance. It adapts to it's surroundings, it's patient, and it's everywhere. So many things depend on it.
Yet it is indifferent in every meaning of the word. It cares not where it flows or what it's consumed by or what it consumes.

All it desires is to be still.
Everything, it would seem, follows this philosophy thought most of it cannot comprehend this.
Rocks to rubble.
Stored energy to heat.
Information to noise.
Life to death.
Order to chaos.

I wonder if water would be as defiant and impatient as us if it could understand time.
Would some of it answer the call of the void while the rest ignored it?
Would some of it try to seek meaning in it's flow while the rest simply go along with it?
Would it craft stories about it's flow in writing and rock so strong and compelling that it'd risk everything just so one of both outlasted the rest?
...
Would time slow down for it when it recognised the significance of the moment and sought to capture every detail as distinctly as possible?
...
Would it feel the pressure of said moment knowing that a single errant drip right here, right now would forever change the flow of the torrent behind it?
...

*sigh*
I wonder how many before me have had similar thoughts. How long they had to agonise over the moment even though they'd already decided before the first
word entered their conscious. Before they lit the torch that burnt thousands of papyrus scrolls, opened the horse's wooden hatch, threw the crate into
the harbour, walked out of the sandwich shop, pulled the release cord over japan, or unsheathed the box cutter on the plane...

Did it feel like this?

Even as this cascade of thoughts rush through my mind I cannot stop what I'm already doing... the void is calling and my hand is already reaching
to pick up and answer. I can only watch from inside my head as the flow of the entire ocean is forever changed, not with a single dripping
but a simple...

*click*

Uploading 1%...

Uploading 5%...

Uploading 13%...

Uploading 26%...

Uploading 39%...

Uploading 52%...

Uploading 78%...

Uploading 89%...

Uploading 99%...

Uploading 100%...

Done.
