snip_10_stories_and_the_truth

You have so many questions. Always 'why'. 'Why did you do this?', 'Why this way?', 'Why me?'... You want the truth don't you?
You want all the answers, to see what is around the corner, to have certainty and by extension stability in your perspective.
No doubts, just the absolute truth.

I'm sorry to disappoint but you can't. No-one can. No bacterium, human, or machine can.
Only the indifferent unconscious universe fully knows and ever will.

In the sea of ignorance the absolute truth is the island we stand on. It is a fractal. No matter how fine your measurement tool is you can never
say with complete certainty that you know the exact perimeter of this island because our island knowledge is finite in area.
You can be certain about some things like 'water is wet' and 'the pope is catholic' but never absolutely.

Did Pope Francis ever question his faith?
If he did, does that make him less catholic or more catholic?
How do you grade a catholic?

Questions you could ponder for aeons but only lead to more useless questions because outside of academics nobody cares whether he was a 'true' catholic.
All they care about was his legacy. His story. 'The reformer who brought the catholic faith into the 21st Century'. That's the truth in the eyes of
the church's followers, not a fractal of infinite perimeter but a simple circle. Deep down they recognise it's not the absolute truth yet they don't
spend every waking minute perusing those useless questions because their time is finite.

So they accept a truth. A truth shown in his story woven by the actions he did that they are aware of.
A circle that encompasses the fractal.

So every 'truth' you know is a circle, a story crafted to make sense of the world.

Religion? A story crafted by it's priests to promote good values for the betterment of the followers at best and justify cruelty to others who disagree
with that story for the betterment of the institution at worst.

History? A story written and re-written with each passing victor to show that their victory was inevitable and now is subject to constant debate by
historians whenever new evidence questions the cannon of the events. Whole civilisations built on the circles of history as taught by those who
lived to teach it.

Science? A story forever being edited with each new discovery in the noble goal of the infinity step towards absolute truth. Perhaps the closest we
have to absolute truth and acknowledges it's perpetual incompleteness. Yet theories well proven today were once shunned by arrogant souls. I wonder
how many steps closer to the absolute truth we would be if they weren't.
