"2 hours until window is open"

The ethereal voice said in a tone so neutral it could only have been crafted from silicon.
Even on a biting northern night like this where the winds & rain seemed to cut through any attempt by man to shield themselves by cloth or steel,
and anything with a shred of primal instinct headed natures new-found wrath by remaining sheltered... those in her line of work were
reluctantly active.

The long black outer-coat Vic wore automatically pulled closer against her more revealing undergarments when the wind picked up in an angry gust,
the hood momentarily revealing her long, weathered, jet-black locks and pale complexion before wrenched back into place by unseen powered threads
within the heavy woollen fabric.

"2 miles to contra-a-act loca-ation"

Vic let out an exasperated sigh as the neutral voice stuttered with the same glitch that plagued the aged models of this A.I's module.
"Just one more job... just one more job then you can take your break and enjoy your earnings he said... Just being able to replace this piece of shit
will make this one worth it!"

She weaved in and out of the main thoroughfare crowds, easily disappearing under the sea of umbrellas and moving between the corporate try-hards
rushing home after another 12 hour work-day, dressed-to-the-nine socialites cruising from one party to the next, and the groups of absolutely wankered
red or blue covered football fans.
The former of the two celebrated loudly and the latter found solace at the bottom of a pint glass before promptly smashing it over the opposition's head.

Welcome to Manchester.

The smell of fresh rain mixed with the pungent stench of spilled glasses and revelry, the signs that moved from building to building emitted rays
that shone through the haze which permeated the street level as the service-lights air-taxis and small unmanned craft drifted between the buildings added to
the beautiful impromptu show on display. Well it would be if mother nature wasn't making it difficult to see in front of your nose.

After being subjected to the lancashirian weather for another half hour, Vic arrived in Trinity Islands. The six rectangular grey steel & glass
constructions towered above, a white glow eminated from the top of each tower like an under-powered lighthouse obscured by the criss-cross
of walkways just above street level. She stepped out from the deluge into the warm and dry reception, shivered slightly from the change in temperature
and calmly walked towards the lift for Tower V. Getting out at the 40th floor she, made a right and headed for apartment 4012.
Standing outside she checked the time on her mobile device, "1 hour 25 minutes until window is open, right on time" and took a deep breath before rapping
her knuckles against the door.

*Knock, Knock*

"Hello?"

"Hi I'm Maria, the model agency sent me"

The door opened slightly and a slim, nervous man with shoulder length brown hair looked out between the door and frame. He looked both ways down the
corridor before meeting Vic's gaze and awkwardly smiling back. A moment passed and Vic coyly returned the smile, "Won't you invite me in?"
"Sorry, yes of course, sorry" the man stammered as he stepped out of the way swinging the door open, Vic followed him inside and closed the
door behind her.
The apartment was dimly lit, the glow of a large screen bouncing off the walls and clothes littered floor
providing the main light source in which she could make out the man's features.
He was very thin standing at about 5'9 wearing a grey baggy hoodie and matching track-suit bottoms. He looked like he was in his early 20's but his skin
was pale like it hadn't seen the sun in days pulled tight against his face and. The eyes were sunken and narrow from staring at screens all day.
Whatever he did to afford a place like this he certainly didn't dress like he did.
As she gave him the ocular pat-down he stood there nervously glancing between Vic and the floor, fiddling with his hands unsure of what to do with them.

Vic sighed as she unzipped her coat, the nervous chap walked forward "c-can I take your coat?"


*to write*
-cut to black
-sets-up alibi
-gets ready for hit window
-drive catches her eye so she takes it
-executes hit
-extracts out of there and back to "client"
