snip_04_freys_diary_that_one_day_in_march

Peice of shit can't fucki- oh wait it's recording now... uhh... how do you start one of these, I've never done an audio diary before...

Hi me I guess? I don't know who could be listening but it's probably just you if you're still sticking to this whole CBT bullshit because it
actually works. So as per our(?) therapist's suggestion I'm recording this so I can 'air out my suffering' and 'get it off my chest'... god even
saying that made me fuckin' gag haha...

*sigh* fuck it, let's just get it done with.

My name is Freya Ackerley, born 12th March 2008 in Ashton-under-Lyne, Manchester, date today is 1st of March 2027...

*rustling of papers* name, date of birth, today's date... talk about myself? Where-the-fuck do I start with that? *sigh*

Not much to say really, grew up in Mossley, went to St. Christopher's Primary school, got into Hulme from year 7 somehow ha must've been a bright
kid haha or mum really did suck everyone off to get me in hahaha... fuckin' posh cunts, teachers were nice though... after sixth form I went to
Cambridge studying physics but switched to Electronic Engineering in the first week, ha never did like the theory and just preferred taking shit apart
then putting it back together haha first time I got to play with nanotubes & fibres too in the photo-electro-magnonics lab...

That's where I met James...

He also switched to EE and he seemed cool, on the first day we chatted about being so far away from home yet still finding people from our neck of
the woods haha... we both gamed and spent a number of lectures just talking about League and just talking shit with him and the boys, haha I was just
happy I found some normal people amongst the posh kids and the prodigies haha....

Then I asked the boys if they wanted to have a LAN party back in my room for my birthday, order some food and make a night out of it.
Ben, Dhillon and James said they were down.
That night after 1 in the mornin' Ben got salty that nobody went bot so rage quitted and Dhillon left sayin' he had to be up early to go to the library
me and James called him a pussy and started another match, got destroyed so we both said fuck it, sat down on my bed and watched Double Punishment
instead...

... about halfway through out of the blue he... he put his hands down my pants... I asked him the fuck was he doing and he laughed it off saying
"isn't it that kind of film night?". I kinda laughed too... then ten minutes later he did it again... I... I just froze.. until he tried to kiss me
and I threw him off the bed and he hit his head on the wall.

...

Then he got mad, "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO THAT FOR?!", so I just flung open my door and left my room and stood in the hall
a thousand thoughts running through my mind, shaking, upset, confused, just trying to process what just happened then he came storming out after me
and just yelling at the top of his lungs how I was a frigid bitch and he had been nice to me all day and why the fuck I invited him to my room
if I was just going to hit him, I yelled back "I DIDN'T INVITE YOU INTO MY FUCKING PANTS" and other doors started opening...

Amy, my house mate was the first to ask what the hell was going on so James ranted about how I asked him back to mine for 'some fun' and then hit him
when he made a move on me... I...I just stood there... I... I mean how can that cunt just say shit like that... after he finished his monologue Amy
asked "Freya, are you ok?"... I couldn't answer I was still shaking now with anger and heard him mutter under his breath "stupid bitch"...

Before Amy could finish asking me what happened I was holding him off the ground by his fucking neck, glaring at him, fist held back, feeling him writhe
in my grasp "Freya put me down put me down please put me down fuck please put me down", Molly and Maria who had come out to see what the fuss was about
trying to pull me off him and I just stayed there like that for what felt like an age... relishing that fear I could see in his eyes darting back
and forth as he tried to get my hand off his throat... Amy came up and spoke in my ear "Freya, he's not worth it, you'll only end up in trouble"...
After a moment I let him down still shaking...

....

Then I saw that smug smile creep across his face that said "That was a close one, glad I just got away with that" and I just snapped... The next thing I
remember was me on-top of him, my hands drenched in his blood, his face bruised beyond recognition a stray tooth laying on the carpet as I was lifted off
him by a security guard roaring "I'M GONNA KILL THIS FUCKING CUNT!" and being walked to the office waiting for the police to arrive....

As I was waiting in their hut, Amy explained what happened and one of them brought me a brew and just sat with me in silence until he asked "Did it feel
good to hurt him?" ... I barely managed to answer "...yeah..." ... he nodded, got up, placed a hand on my shoulder
"He had it coming, but you've got to be ready for what comes next...at least you got something out of it."

.... Well turns out his family had donated pretty much an entire wing to the department so he got a year's academic suspension and I got kicked out...
Still *sniff* knowing all that and this new job i've got I'd still do it all again. Ha maybe he's no longer a cunt any more though I doubt it haha
oh and if I do run into him again he'll lose more than a few teeth and his dignity.
