snip_07_VR_scene_clan_match

[Setup: protagonist has gotten onto the mobile home bus with his 'flatmates' as it heads off through the night to the next work location]

"Where's Billy?"

"Already plugged in mate, he said he couldn't wait for you, 'is clan match has already started."

"Shit, does he still want me to record it?"

"Ask 'im yerself, Fox Dynamics EU server 141."

"Thanks man, i'm plugging in now, i'll see you in about 2 hours."

"Ya won't mate, got a gig in about 30 mins until morning, i'll see you tomorrow or swing by Realityfy South America server 063, club Basque, ask for me."

"Sure man, I might see you afterwards."

*protag* climbs into his bunk and his desktop machine tucked in the top right corner whirs as the fans spin upon booting up.
The curtains draw as he fumbles behind his head to find the neuro-cables.
After a quick pat around his fingers grasp the long slender bundle of fabric wrapped wires and brush the four hexagonal end pads at the base
of his neck until they magnetically snap into place. With one press of the big link button he falls back into the mattress his vision fading to white,
the sounds of moving bus and sensations of lying down on his bed ebbing away to nothing.

The whiteness blinks out replaced with a black background populated with a flat grid of icons.
Focusing on the magnifying glass a search bar appears and types out as *protag* thinks about Fox Dynamics EU server 141 follow user [NFG]_Doxylith
and a moment later the server results are displayed in a list encompassing his vision.
The top one is selected and a buffering wheel appears "Loading Call of War: Arctic...Connecting...20%...30%...60%....80%....90%...95%...........100%".

And with that there's a flash of white and *protag* is thrusted suddenly into the perspective of Billy piloting a Sukhoi Su-57 over the frozen seas and
islands of Severnaya Zemlya, the high arctic. A stream of gun fire sprays past the front of the aircraft as it pulls up and to the right in avoidance.

"About time you showed up!" Billy chimed over the in game intercom "You recording yet?".
*protag* steels his focus away from the chaos around him to pull open the menu screen to find the free-cam record mode "Give us a second, I just
fucking got here... sorry for being late."

"That's fiiiine..." Billy strains as he pulls the control stick back and to the right sending the aircraft into a barrel roll ejecting flares as he does
"Just start now, I can't hold this fucker off for long!". *protag* finds the option and upon clicking it immediately changes perspective now seeing
outside the aircraft at a 45 degree angle from the front being pursued by a Luftforsvaret F-35.
"Ok we're on!"

"Great, get him in frame behind us and watch this shit in 5...4...3...2..."

*protag* swings his camera perspective around directly in front of billy's SU-57 as the F-35 behind them lines up for another gun burst.

"...1...now!" Billy yanks backwards on the stick and pulls the throttle back rapidly bleeding off speed pointing the nose upwards, the jet seeming
to hover in mid-air as the F-35 dives below it to avoid a collision. "Frame left shoulder!" billy shouts as he dives after the F-35, *protag*'s
camera panning around to look over the left side just beside the cockpit facing forwards as the nose tilts downwards and the enemy jet comes into view.
With a quick burst, Billy's fire streaks forth from the gun placement off the bottom of the camera frame, peppering the F-35, smoke and debris
erupting with each impact until the single engine flames out as both jets plunge towards the glass like ocean ahead. "Pull-up! Pull-up!" the robotic
Russian female voice warns as billy wrestles with the stick to fight out of the dive, the F-35 impacts the watery surface and with a split second to spare
the SU-57 streaks through the F-35's splash and levels off just 20 meters off the ocean surface.

"Woooo! You got that right?! Please tell me you got that!", Billy excitedly presses, "That's got to be the money shot for the reel now."

*protag* reviews the footage in an overlay window "Yeah mate, every second, hold on... oh man does that look good!"

"Fucking let me see then!"

*protag* shares the overlay with Billy as he plots a course back to a nearby carrier for a re-arm and a refuel "Oh fuck yes, Edberg is gonna to love this!"
"I'll save and edit it in later. How long you need me for? 'cos I can work on this right now."

"Save it for later, if you stick around for this sortie we can get some additional b-roll. You ok for another half an hour?"

"No worries mate, can I show Danny the clan promo vid? I think he'll want to see it during his set break."

"You're gonna finish it tonight?!"

"Yeah, I've got the intro, outro, music, and other shots all done, just need a bit of b-roll and this plus some last minute polish-"

"You're a mad cunt! haha, working all evening and now all night too! Don't ya need sleep?"

"Haha not when I'm watching your and the NFG clan's videos."

"Clam down mate, they're not that fucking good."
