snip_04_dialogue_about_stories

"Something troubling you?"

"It's nothing bu... Nothing Sir"

"Please speak freely, I've had too much of formalities today"

"Um- Thank you... It may seem childish but I wonder... why. Why create this as you put it "storm-in-a-teacup"? Surely we have more to gain through
co-operation between the other Corps? They each have the necessary resources to enable an arrangement that would be mutually beneficial without
this phantom threat needed. We're wasting resources to gain the same thing."

"It's not childish. You're correct. It is wasteful and a damn shame that we need to orchestrate such a charade..."

"Then why do so?!"

"Because one did not appear spontaneously."

"... I don't understand, why would we want a situation like this? You admitted yourself, it's wasteful, the numbers don't add u-"

"Because people like stories."

"... sir? ..."

"Tell me Andrew, what stories do you like? Book, films, series, legends, fables, myths from history, what story has been on your mind lately?"

"err... I guess I liked Quadruple Punishment-"

"The Schwarzenegger film that came out last week?"

"Yeah... though it had some cool action scenes like the part where he rides the rod from the satellite all the way down until it lands on
Evander Carr's base, man that was so awesome, it felt a bit ... same-y"

"Why did it feel that way?"

"Well he'd already beaten Evander three times before... I heard Triple Punishment was supposed to be the last one-"

"And you thought this film was going to end differently?"

"Yeah... well no... I'd have love to have seen him go out in a blaze of glory seeing how Evander had already taken away everything he cared about.
I mean, for the hero to literally give all he had including himself to stop Evander once and for all, especially in that awesome explosion
flipping him off all the way down would have been THE best..."

*sigh*

"...but I guess 21st Century Disney still want to make more movies with Schwarzenegger in them. I mean you
don't spend two billion on the rights to an actor's likeness for one film... What about you Sir? Did you see that movie?"

"No I prefer my leading stars to be living; it feels more authentic."

"What stories do you like then?"

"... I rather liked "Between Two Bins"..."

"... The teen romance book?... The one about two chavs that fall in love while working at a McDonald's... I didn't know you liked that sort of stuff."

"Ordinarily no. The writing style was abysmal, the leads were one dimensional, particular the woman who remains by his side after the rape confession..."

"... the fact that they realistically could never pull off the plan to dodge the debt collectors and escape to the countryside..."

"So you have read it?"

"No, I just heard all the 'controversy' around it in the news. I mean it's just a shitty book."

"And yet it remains the number one best seller of the year."

"... I don't understand your point Sir."

"The point is, people poured over its pages with a blatant disregard to how plausible the events in said book are... because the story was
subverting but more importantly; compelling."

"Sir?"

"That book subverted the normality of a young romance novel about 'star-crossed' lovers from privileged lives throwing it all away to be together
for a narrative about two delinquents who confided in each other and cheated their way to a better life. It was compelling because they had to
struggle against a common enemy; the 'system'. Many of the readers identified with the passion and desire to break free and if you look at the
demographics the answer becomes clear. Many of them find themselves in a similar situation; alone and one missed payment away from the streets."

"... But how does this fit in with-"

"Stories are seldom made in a vacuum. Most are reactionary to a particular social or societal norm they aim to subvert. Some ponder what could be.
Both have consequences outside of the page. Take Jules Verne's From The Earth To The Moon, a compelling story about the exploration of a new frontier
that little over a century later was re-used by the U.S. government to pursue a colossal technological dominance display to scare their enemy.

History after-all is a story written by the victors."

"So this situation was organised to give a... compelling story?"

"Precisely! Look at your film, the story wasn't subversive and had worn out it's novelty through repetition thus by the end lost the compelling
nature. So you sought reason as to why it felt the same and arrived at the logical disappointing answer. If it had been more compelling the
financial result would have been the same as it was but the excitement and anticipation for subsequent instalments would be far greater.
The logical and correct reasoning pushed to the back of your mind. The narrative I wish to see weaved will ensure the other CEOs interests align with
ours for emotional reasons on-top of the business logic."

"I see Sir."

"Good. I'm glad I hired the right person for the job. Now, I shall retire for the evening I've still got two chapters to finish of that book."

"Yes Sir... sorry about the spoilers..."

"It matters not, I may know how the story ends but I still want to keep reading."
