snip_09_the_plough

NOTE: At time of initial writing I need to sleep but wanted this recorded here.
- for reference TM Square mass. pictures WARNING VERY VERY VERY NOT SAFE FOR LIFE: http://imgur.com/a/DdjxU

Riots have been going on for 3 days straight from the masses of unemployed. It's threatening to turn into a full scale uprising.
It's no longer safe for human police officers to be there as several have been killed. PMC firm has been called in to handle it. They assign the
task of finding a way to stop the riots to an A.I. programmed for war (where the normal combatants are other automated weapons devoid of humans in
the loop). The A.I. forms a strategy based on what is the quickest way to stop a riot without firing a shot.

Small automated & heavily armoured logistics vehicle usually used in world for carrying heavy supplies or equipment to front lines gets retrofitted
with shielding around moving parts and filled with containers of water where the cargo would go.

Then they line up with but an inch between them, 5 vehicles deep, behind the security robots trying to contain the rioters. A robotic voice announces
"This protest has been declared illegal. You have 30 minutes to disperse before the line advances. The line will not stop advancing until you disperse."

30 minutes later, no change in the crowds.

The line of auto-tanks moves forward in unison, 1 inch per second.

The crowd links arms and begin chanting in unison.

They still keep advancing... inch by inch.

The crowd now starts to back up in sync with the creeping wall of armour but so many people in a confined space means they're getting bunched up and can
move back less and less.

They still keep advancing...

The people at the front of the crowd facing down the armour have nowhere left to go back and now are forcing against the people behind them squishing
them as fear creeps across them...

They still keep advancing...

The screaming starts, panic sets in as those who see the impending armour are scrambling over each other to get away.
Over the screaming there's an unmistakable sound of bone snapping and soft tissue under heavy metal.

They still keep advancing...
