snip_06_world_media_the_worst_future_jobs

Episode 01 - VR space moderator

Presenter (Thomas Robison) (VO): I'm here at Nexus World's head office here in London to meet with Seth Thomson, the head of realm hosting, to
get a glimpse into how the company hosts the 1,000,000 VR realms on behalf of their clients.

Seth: Hi Tom!

Presenter: Hello Seth, thank you for the invitation.

Presenter (VO): As we tour the vast server farms here at Nexus World Seth explains to me how a new virtual world is created.

Seth: So first a VR studio or their publisher sets up a meeting with our sales engineers where they outline what kind of setting or world, known as a realm,
they are creating, what kind of interactions between the users be they human or robotic, expected user numbers, etc. Basically work through all the parameters
and what we call "the vectors of interactions" or 'vectors' in which people or otherwise use the realm for it's intended purpose.

Presenter: And what are the nature of these realms, what are they used for?

Seth: Oh absolutely anything. Our largest clients at the moment are businesses creating virtual working environments which are leased out to companies
for their remote or VR only employees. But we have government organisations, research institutions, universities, schools, game publishers
and many more who commission a VR realm or buy one from a studio to be hosted here.

Presenter: So the client has outlined what they will use the realm for, what happens next in the process?

Seth: After a back and forth with the client or sales engineers create a spec for the required bandwidth, processing power, and storage required for
hosting the realm which is then passed onto our network technicians or engineers. Technicians if we're hosting in house or engineers if the
client needs a remote installation.

Presenter: A remote installation?

Seth: Yes. 80% of the realms we host are within our premises because they're low power, small, or have only a few 10's or 1000's of users.
But clients who require high bandwidth, like the financial market require very low latency and already have their own high speed connection installed.
Another is research institutions who want to integrate VR accessibility into their supercomputers on site.

Presenter: What about your largest client Friendverse? They boast over 1 Billion users. How are you able to host them?

Seth: Ah. Well before they launched they consulted with us to create a custom deployment optimised for their virtual social worlds
with ease of 'teleporting' between those worlds being a key factor. For confidentiality reasons I can't say any more than that but we continue to work
alongside their architects and programmers to smoothly deploy new features they add.

Presenter: I see. How do you go about ensuring these spaces remain safe and secure?

Seth: We have a world class cybersecurity team here that is 24/7/365 monitoring all of our clients realms and our systems. Client security and up-time
is our top priority here obviously.

Presenter: What about moderation?

Seth: We do offer moderation services for an additional cost to our clients but the larger ones, such as Friendverse, have their own mod teams.
Alan here is the best person to talk to about moderation.

Presenter (VO): Seth introduces me to Alex Walker, a moderator team leader here at Nexus.

Alan: My team is responsible for a trading company's virtual 'floor' where they connect to the exchange so their AI brokers and human handlers
can buy and sell very rapidly. So in terms of interactions it's very limited but the bosses want to make sure their brokers are obeying the
government regulations. So one of the things we look for is data sets that the AIs or humans shouldn't have access to so the company can avoid
potential insider trading therefore avoiding fines and legal proceedings.

Presenter: What about your clients who deal with...

***to add***
- questions about more public realm moderation
- voice over (vo) introduction of the program segment
- probing questions about moderation of adult or kid realms
- anonymous interview with ex Friendverse moderator detailing an allegory of the bad side
